Recent Progress in Appearance-based Action Recognition
  Action recognition, which is formulated as a task to identify various humanactions in a video, has attracted increasing interest from computer visionresearchers due to its importance in various applications. Recently,appearance-based methods have achieved promising progress towards accurateaction recognition. In general, these methods mainly fulfill the task byapplying various schemes to model spatial and temporal visual informationeffectively. To better understand the current progress of appearance-basedaction recognition, we provide a comprehensive review of recent achievements inthis area. In particular, we summarise and discuss several dozens of relatedresearch papers, which can be roughly divided into four categories according todifferent appearance modelling strategies. The obtained categories include 2Dconvolutional methods, 3D convolutional methods, motion representation-basedmethods, and context representation-based methods. We analyse and discussrepresentative methods from each category, comprehensively. Empirical resultsare also summarised to better illustrate cutting-edge algorithms. We concludeby identifying important areas for future research gleaned from ourcategorisation.
Recent Advances in Video Question Answering: A Review of Datasets and  Methods
  Video Question Answering (VQA) is a recent emerging challenging task in thefield of Computer Vision. Several visual information retrieval techniques likeVideo Captioning/Description and Video-guided Machine Translation have precededthe task of VQA. VQA helps to retrieve temporal and spatial information fromthe video scenes and interpret it. In this survey, we review a number ofmethods and datasets for the task of VQA. To the best of our knowledge, noprevious survey has been conducted for the VQA task.
Recent Advances in Vision Transformer: A Survey and Outlook of Recent  Work
  Vision Transformers (ViTs) are becoming more popular and dominating techniquefor various vision tasks, compare to Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). As ademanding technique in computer vision, ViTs have been successfully solvedvarious vision problems while focusing on long-range relationships. In thispaper, we begin by introducing the fundamental concepts and background of theself-attention mechanism. Next, we provide a comprehensive overview of recenttop-performing ViT methods describing in terms of strength and weakness,computational cost as well as training and testing dataset. We thoroughlycompare the performance of various ViT algorithms and most representative CNNmethods on popular benchmark datasets. Finally, we explore some limitationswith insightful observations and provide further research direction. Theproject page along with the collections of papers are available athttps://github.com/khawar512/ViT-Survey
Recent Advances of Continual Learning in Computer Vision: An Overview
  In contrast to batch learning where all training data is available at once,continual learning represents a family of methods that accumulate knowledge andlearn continuously with data available in sequential order. Similar to thehuman learning process with the ability of learning, fusing, and accumulatingnew knowledge coming at different time steps, continual learning is consideredto have high practical significance. Hence, continual learning has been studiedin various artificial intelligence tasks. In this paper, we present acomprehensive review of the recent progress of continual learning in computervision. In particular, the works are grouped by their representativetechniques, including regularization, knowledge distillation, memory,generative replay, parameter isolation, and a combination of the abovetechniques. For each category of these techniques, both its characteristics andapplications in computer vision are presented. At the end of this overview,several subareas, where continuous knowledge accumulation is potentiallyhelpful while continual learning has not been well studied, are discussed.
Recent Advances in Embedding Methods for Multi-Object Tracking: A Survey
  Multi-object tracking (MOT) aims to associate target objects across videoframes in order to obtain entire moving trajectories. With the advancement ofdeep neural networks and the increasing demand for intelligent video analysis,MOT has gained significantly increased interest in the computer visioncommunity. Embedding methods play an essential role in object locationestimation and temporal identity association in MOT. Unlike other computervision tasks, such as image classification, object detection,re-identification, and segmentation, embedding methods in MOT have largevariations, and they have never been systematically analyzed and summarized. Inthis survey, we first conduct a comprehensive overview with in-depth analysisfor embedding methods in MOT from seven different perspectives, includingpatch-level embedding, single-frame embedding, cross-frame joint embedding,correlation embedding, sequential embedding, tracklet embedding, andcross-track relational embedding. We further summarize the existing widely usedMOT datasets and analyze the advantages of existing state-of-the-art methodsaccording to their embedding strategies. Finally, some critical yetunder-investigated areas and future research directions are discussed.
