Using Artificial Intelligence to Analyze Fashion Trends
  Analyzing fashion trends is essential in the fashion industry. Currentfashion forecasting firms, such as WGSN, utilize the visual information fromaround the world to analyze and predict fashion trends. However, analyzingfashion trends is time-consuming and extremely labor intensive, requiringindividual employees' manual editing and classification. To improve theefficiency of data analysis of such image-based information and lower the costof analyzing fashion images, this study proposes a data-driven quantitativeabstracting approach using an artificial intelligence (A.I.) algorithm.Specifically, an A.I. model was trained on fashion images from a large-scaledataset under different scenarios, for example in online stores and streetsnapshots. This model was used to detect garments and classify clothingattributes such as textures, garment style, and details for runway photos andvideos. It was found that the A.I. model can generate rich attributedescriptions of detected regions and accurately bind the garments in theimages. Adoption of A.I. algorithm demonstrated promising results and thepotential to classify garment types and details automatically, which can makethe process of trend forecasting more cost-effective and faster.
Artificial intelligence to advance Earth observation: a perspective
  Earth observation (EO) is a prime instrument for monitoring land and oceanprocesses, studying the dynamics at work, and taking the pulse of our planet.This article gives a bird's eye view of the essential scientific tools andapproaches informing and supporting the transition from raw EO data to usableEO-based information. The promises, as well as the current challenges of thesedevelopments, are highlighted under dedicated sections. Specifically, we coverthe impact of (i) Computer vision; (ii) Machine learning; (iii) Advancedprocessing and computing; (iv) Knowledge-based AI; (v) Explainable AI andcausal inference; (vi) Physics-aware models; (vii) User-centric approaches; and(viii) the much-needed discussion of ethical and societal issues related to themassive use of ML technologies in EO.
Brain tumor detection using artificial convolutional neural networks
  In this paper, a convolutional neural network (CNN) was used to classify NMRimages of human brains with 4 different types of tumors: meningioma, glioma andpituitary gland tumors. During the training phase of this project, an accuracyof 100% was obtained, meanwhile, in the evaluation phase the precision was 96%.
Artificial Intelligence For Breast Cancer Detection: Trends & Directions
  In the last decade, researchers working in the domain of computer vision andArtificial Intelligence (AI) have beefed up their efforts to come up with theautomated framework that not only detects but also identifies stage of breastcancer. The reason for this surge in research activities in this direction aremainly due to advent of robust AI algorithms (deep learning), availability ofhardware that can train those robust and complex AI algorithms andaccessibility of large enough dataset required for training AI algorithms.Different imaging modalities that have been exploited by researchers toautomate the task of breast cancer detection are mammograms, ultrasound,magnetic resonance imaging, histopathological images or any combination ofthem. This article analyzes these imaging modalities and presents theirstrengths, limitations and enlists resources from where their datasets can beaccessed for research purpose. This article then summarizes AI and computervision based state-of-the-art methods proposed in the last decade, to detectbreast cancer using various imaging modalities. Generally, in this article wehave focused on to review frameworks that have reported results usingmammograms as it is most widely used breast imaging modality that serves asfirst test that medical practitioners usually prescribe for the detection ofbreast cancer. Second reason of focusing on mammogram imaging modalities is theavailability of its labeled datasets. Datasets availability is one of the mostimportant aspect for the development of AI based frameworks as such algorithmsare data hungry and generally quality of dataset affects performance of AIbased algorithms. In a nutshell, this research article will act as a primaryresource for the research community working in the field of automated breastimaging analysis.
Quantum artificial vision for defect detection in manufacturing
  In this paper we consider several algorithms for quantum computer visionusing Noisy Intermediate-Scale Quantum (NISQ) devices, and benchmark them for areal problem against their classical counterparts. Specifically, we considertwo approaches: a quantum Support Vector Machine (QSVM) on a universalgate-based quantum computer, and QBoost on a quantum annealer. The quantumvision systems are benchmarked for an unbalanced dataset of images where theaim is to detect defects in manufactured car pieces. We see that the quantumalgorithms outperform their classical counterparts in several ways, with QBoostallowing for larger problems to be analyzed with present-day quantum annealers.Data preprocessing, including dimensionality reduction and contrastenhancement, is also discussed, as well as hyperparameter tuning in QBoost. Tothe best of our knowledge, this is the first implementation of quantum computervision systems for a problem of industrial relevance in a manufacturingproduction line.
