Recent Progress in Appearance-based Action Recognition
  Action recognition, which is formulated as a task to identify various humanactions in a video, has attracted increasing interest from computer visionresearchers due to its importance in various applications. Recently,appearance-based methods have achieved promising progress towards accurateaction recognition. In general, these methods mainly fulfill the task byapplying various schemes to model spatial and temporal visual informationeffectively. To better understand the current progress of appearance-basedaction recognition, we provide a comprehensive review of recent achievements inthis area. In particular, we summarise and discuss several dozens of relatedresearch papers, which can be roughly divided into four categories according todifferent appearance modelling strategies. The obtained categories include 2Dconvolutional methods, 3D convolutional methods, motion representation-basedmethods, and context representation-based methods. We analyse and discussrepresentative methods from each category, comprehensively. Empirical resultsare also summarised to better illustrate cutting-edge algorithms. We concludeby identifying important areas for future research gleaned from ourcategorisation.
Recent Advances in 3D Object and Hand Pose Estimation
  3D object and hand pose estimation have huge potentials for AugmentedReality, to enable tangible interfaces, natural interfaces, and blurring theboundaries between the real and virtual worlds. In this chapter, we present therecent developments for 3D object and hand pose estimation using cameras, anddiscuss their abilities and limitations and the possible future development ofthe field.
Recent Progress in Transformer-based Medical Image Analysis
  The transformer is primarily used in the field of natural languageprocessing. Recently, it has been adopted and shows promise in the computervision (CV) field. Medical image analysis (MIA), as a critical branch of CV,also greatly benefits from this state-of-the-art technique. In this review, wefirst recap the core component of the transformer, the attention mechanism, andthe detailed structures of the transformer. After that, we depict the recentprogress of the transformer in the field of MIA. We organize the applicationsin a sequence of different tasks, including classification, segmentation,captioning, registration, detection, enhancement, localization, and synthesis.The mainstream classification and segmentation tasks are further divided intoeleven medical image modalities. A large number of experiments studied in thisreview illustrate that the transformer-based method outperforms existingmethods through comparisons with multiple evaluation metrics. Finally, wediscuss the open challenges and future opportunities in this field. Thistask-modality review with the latest contents, detailed information, andcomprehensive comparison may greatly benefit the broad MIA community.
Multiple Object Tracking in Recent Times: A Literature Review
  Multiple object tracking gained a lot of interest from researchers in recentyears, and it has become one of the trending problems in computer vision,especially with the recent advancement of autonomous driving. MOT is one of thecritical vision tasks for different issues like occlusion in crowded scenes,similar appearance, small object detection difficulty, ID switching, etc. Totackle these challenges, as researchers tried to utilize the attentionmechanism of transformer, interrelation of tracklets with graph convolutionalneural network, appearance similarity of objects in different frames with thesiamese network, they also tried simple IOU matching based CNN network, motionprediction with LSTM. To take these scattered techniques under an umbrella, wehave studied more than a hundred papers published over the last three years andhave tried to extract the techniques that are more focused on by researchers inrecent times to solve the problems of MOT. We have enlisted numerousapplications, possibilities, and how MOT can be related to real life. Ourreview has tried to show the different perspectives of techniques thatresearchers used overtimes and give some future direction for the potentialresearchers. Moreover, we have included popular benchmark datasets and metricsin this review.
Recent Advances of Continual Learning in Computer Vision: An Overview
  In contrast to batch learning where all training data is available at once,continual learning represents a family of methods that accumulate knowledge andlearn continuously with data available in sequential order. Similar to thehuman learning process with the ability of learning, fusing, and accumulatingnew knowledge coming at different time steps, continual learning is consideredto have high practical significance. Hence, continual learning has been studiedin various artificial intelligence tasks. In this paper, we present acomprehensive review of the recent progress of continual learning in computervision. In particular, the works are grouped by their representativetechniques, including regularization, knowledge distillation, memory,generative replay, parameter isolation, and a combination of the abovetechniques. For each category of these techniques, both its characteristics andapplications in computer vision are presented. At the end of this overview,several subareas, where continuous knowledge accumulation is potentiallyhelpful while continual learning has not been well studied, are discussed.
